### Update:
Hi, I'm the guy in the screenshot reffered to as "swish" that you saw in the Powercord server. First I'll say, yes, I was in on it. I didn't help hellbound in any way in achieving his goal of nuking the server but I did know and I chose not to tell anyone. Most of this was due to the respect I had for hellbound and also because I love watching heated shit go down, it brings excitement to my mostly dull and mundane life. I would honestly never do this myself and I had told hellbound that I thought he shouldn't have gone through with it around 3 times but eventually I just caved in and said "fuck it". To be honest, I don't really care if it's "right", my morals are already fucked, but I will say it was very regretable after seeing the damage it's done to Powercord and the entire client mod community as if I were still planning on actively contributing and taking part in that community, I would also be pissed. I garner no hate towards anyone in the client mod community; and I still respect all that they've done to better this platform.

If you where my friend and your sad to see me go I'll just say that I was already planning on leaving the client mod community, obviously this isn't exactly what I had in mind for my departure but what's done is done. If you want to use my plugins but have a fear of getting your token snatched (which is totally understandable) you have my full permission to maintain and redistribute the plugins that I have made for Powercord. I am also no longer in contact with hellbound, he unfriended me on discord and we went our seperate ways.

Bye.
