### Update:
Hi, I'm the guy in the screenshot reffered to as "swish" that you saw in the Powercord server. First I'll say, yes, I was in on it. I didn't help hellbound in any way in achieving his goal of nuking the server but I did know and I chose not to tell anyone. Most of this was due to the respect I had for hellbound and also because I love watching heated shit go down, it brings excitement to my mostly dull and mundane life. I would honestly never do this myself and I had told hellbound that I thought he shouldn't have gone through with it around 3 times but eventually I just caved in and said "fuck it". To be honest, I don't really care if it's "right", my morals are already fucked, but I will say it was very regretable after seeing the damage it's done to Powercord and the entire client mod community as if I were still planning on actively contributing and taking part in that community, I would also be pissed. I garner no hate towards anyone in the client mod community; and I still respect all that they've done to better this platform.

If you where my friend and your sad to see me go I'll just say that I was already planning on leaving the client mod community, obviously this isn't exactly what I had in mind for my departure but what's done is done. If you want to use my plugins but have a fear of getting your token snatched (which is totally understandable) you have my full permission to maintain and redistribute the plugins that I have made for Powercord. I am also no longer in contact with hellbound, he unfriended me on discord and we went our seperate ways.

Finally, as someone who was in on it. No, your accounts are not comprimised, the code wouldn't have random staff ID's in there for no reason, hellbound was specifically targetting PC staff and did not care about anyone else (he literally said this in DMs). Despite what you may think, his goal was not to steal everyone token but rather just to cause a headache for PC staff as he was pretty pissed at his mute (which I will still stand was unjustified) It's still better safe than sorry to delete his plugins considering most of his offical ones are being maintained now anyway but you can stop worrying that he logged into your accounts and exported all your chat logs.

Bye.
